The French Revolution of 1789-1799 was one of the most important events in the history of mankind. That shows the passion and strong ideology. In creating a state system for the people of the land of France/
In July 1942, thirteen-year-old Anne Frank and her family, fleeing the horrors of Nazi occupation, went into hiding in an Amsterdam warehouse. Over the next two years Anne vividly describes in her diary the frustrations of living in such confined quarters./
It is a book on Hitler's political ideology.It was first published in 1925 and the second time in 1926 by Hitler wrote this book. While he was incarcerated in Landisberg prison am Lech. Because he is a political criminals From the failed revolution in Munich In November 1923/
"All animals are equal. But some animals are more equal than others. "Animal Farm .." is a "political satire novel" that despite its rather heavy concept. But can carry on with joy It is similar to youth literature. By metaphor, part of the characters are animals that seize power from humans. And live by oneself With a common community contract that Anything that goes on two legs is an enemy. Anything that goes on four legs or with wings is friend./
The Cuban Revolution was one of the milestones in world history in the 20th century. The Revolutionary Movement was formed in July 1953 to overthrow the dictatorship of the President Fulgencio Batista, the main leaders of the revolutionary group were "Fidel Castro and Raul Castro and Che Guevara "./
The fire of war never goes out. A new war is emerging. It's the most bloody Great Civil War in American history. The nation's people started fighting against each other. With a different concept of "equality" of human beings./
This is the story of the Norse god Neil Geman, the great storyteller of the era. Re-narrating the Norse mythology in his own way. Since the birth of the nine worlds The beginning of the gods Many gods matters/
Saladin, a virtuous and virtuous warrior. And also tells the history of the Crusades And various events that occurred in the history of the Middle Ages Including biographies of important people of the same time Both European and Middle East So that readers will understand that What was the factor that led Sultan Salahuddine to become involved in the Crusades?/
Even the image of "Crusade" in the eyes of the latter. It is often viewed as a war of religion and the madness of Christians in the Middle Ages. But with historical social and economic evidence at that time, it indicates that The results of the Crusades brought unprecedented changes to European society./
This book will take you to discover the wonders of the ancient world. With many illustrations The story takes you back to the past to the glory and collapse of important civilizations, starting with the early farming villages in the Middle East. Until the end of the Roman Empire./
A book that presents a general knowledge story. About famous people in battle And important discoveries in the Middle Ages As well as facts about lifestyle from all over the world With beautiful illustrations Including maps and timeline showing events that have happened./
Tell the gripping story of our very special history. Ever since when he was an insignificant tailless monkey Until he became the ruler of the world./
Throughout the history of Eurasia, there has never been another ethnic and nomadic group that could have created the same greatness as the Mongols. Their mighty cavalry force not only brought terrifying destruction. That swept away all the prosperous kingdoms until the collapse of more than half the world But also brought about an era of glory that has never occurred on the earth as well./
From the land of the Viking civilization. To the model of the contemporary world welfare state Free democracy and the birth of Bluetooth!/
Being an Englishman is devouring the whole world. The Empire gave England control of the world's food resources. From cod and salted meats to 20th-century spices, tea and sugar, workers' bread wheat was supplied by Canada./
To us humans the sex lives of many animals seem weird. In fact, by comparison with all the other animals, we are the ones with the weird sex lives. How did that come to be?Just count our bizarre ways./
One of the terrible nongkhan vespers that takes place in the 2nd musical, boasting from the institute of the Nazi detention camp, and yet another story that takes place closer to us that we think and not get mentioned in our homes as much. How much It is the Nanjing Massacre (Nanking Massacre) that took place in the capital city of China./
Who likes adventures, stories of travel between the seas. The natural flora, fauna, and people ofthe Khao Lam Nao Forest are all readable and have an abundance of geological knowledge. And there are sociological and anthropological issues throughout the story./
It's a book that will take you back to World War II,All the soldiers were full of hope. And went out to perform duties for the homeland But as time goes by The cold of the freezing snow And the badness of war Devouring all their sparkles of hope Leaving only hope of surviving the war/
From the nomadic Turks of Central Asia To the great empire Who broke the mighty wall of Constantinople And causing the Byzantine Empire that has stood for more than 1,000 years, the collapse of politics, war, forbidden areas like the Sultan's harem. And a woman who is above the throne Invite readers to experience the history of the empire. Follow a story that traces back to the history of the Osman dynasty. The origin of an empire that is more than 600 years old!/